I will come back in this video we're verifying that the same group e.g. to library that we've installed
is working.
What I've done is I've launched the python shell the IDL program.
And after you've followed the instructions for Windows or Mac depending on your computer make sure to
follow what I'm writing here in idealy to make sure that it works.
The first thing that we want to do is type import psyco P.G. to and when we press Enter absolutely nothing
should happen.
But if something does happen like an error then do not continue.
And instead please watch the very next video where we go over a solution and this will only happen really
if you're using Mac and if next video solution don't work then a post in the course forums and in the
course page and we will help you out.
Unless you feel brave enough to try on your own which I really cannot recommend because it is quite
a confusing confusing area.
So if you've imported psycho-BS youtoo without problems then let's try our first connection to our database
the way we open a connection is going to be Taiping connection equals and we're going to create a variable
and it's going to be psycho pg to dot connect.
And then what goes here is the database.
And we say a database equals.
And here we put the data which we're using which is learning is called learning.
That's the database that we use inside Patekar sequel in typing Jetman 3.
Then we type a comma and we see a user and this is postscripts.
Even if you created a different user it would be this one for now and then the password because the
password for the PGA Batmen 3 connections or when you open up Jetman 3 and you can connect to the database
.
It asks you for a password or unless you left it blank and then you should put the password in here
And Mike it is one two three four.
And finally you should also type host equals local host.
And then when we present once again nothing should happen.
But the variable is created if you do get an error then raise that in the course forums as well.
Finally we're going to create a cursor and we're going to go into what that exactly is later on.
And that's going to be connection dot cursor.
And finally we're going to do a cursor dot execute.
Now we're going to type in here.
Select star from purchases.
So if you have data in your learning database as we inserted in the last few sections then they should
have something in it.
So we've run that and then we're going to do for row in cursor print row and you should get some data
out.
This is my purchases table there.
So if you are able to do that and it works then absolutely perfect.
You are definitely ready to move on.
And let's start creating our app and also in this video you've learned quite succinctly how to connect
to your postscripts database and how to execute a select statement.
So that's two birds with one stone.
And now we are ready to move on to the next video.
So I'll see you there.